repo_name: AutoML4TS
link: https://github.com/teco-kit/AutoML4TS
description: AutoML4TS is a automated tool for forecasting time-series data based on classic regression models. It works well with different time-series, e.g. seasonal, non-seasonal, trend, non-trend. When using this tool, the user does not need to make choice between different models and customize it by setting its hyperparameters. This is a project of SDSC-BW. Time-series forecasting is studied in nearly all fields of science and engineering. For all forecasting tasks, model selection is a necessary step. However, from a set of available models, selecting the most adequate model for a given dataset is still a diﬃcult task. If the hyper-parameters of candidate models are taken into consideration, there would be an enormous number of possible alternatives overall. The wide range of forecasting applications led to growing demand for a system which can automatically select a good model and simultaneously set good parameters for a new task. The combined algorithm selection and hyper-parameter optimization problem was dubbed CASH. Recently, automated approaches for solving this problem have led to substantial improvements. The Sequential Model-based Algorithm Configuration (SMAC) method showed a successful performance in a high-dimensional, structured and continuous and discrete (Categorical) hybrid parameters space. This framework, through the application of SMAC, deals with this problem in the context of forecasting. In contrast to previous works on time-series forecasting, the candidate models in my work are machine learning (ML) models from the Scikit-learn regression package. In order to improve the performance of ML models, the package TSFRESH [reference] is integrated in the framework, which extracts comprehensive and well-established features from time-series. In order to improve the efficiency of the optimization process, a meta-learning method are supported to generate configurations with the likelihood of performing for a new task. This initialization method yields slight improvements to expedite the optimization.
